# How the Steel Was Tempered #

# 0. Introduction #

This tutorial is mainly used for training very junior mohism staffs who will become the tough warriors in the near future. The trainning works can be classified into three categoties: **Spiritually powerfull**, **Technically mature** and **Physically strong**.

# 1. Spiritual issues #

# 2. Technical issues #

## 2.1 The usage of git and github ##

I have Written the simple tutorial for git banner, new staffs can access it under the directory named "bannercamp". In order to use git under github more conveniently, staffs should add the ssh key generated by your working desktop into the personal github account. The more details are below:

https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/

The git is a very powerfull and complicated version control tool, nobody could master it completely, so the reference book is very essencial for both new users and experienced users. I strongly recommend [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/zh/v2) for mohism staffs.

## 2.2 How to use Internet scientifically ##

Accessing Google is very essential for software engineers and academics, but due to some political issues google services have been forbiden in mainland area for years. Therefore Setting VPN channel via Shadowsock becomes very important.

Setting up VPN via Shadowsocks includes Servier side works and client side works. Server side works need higher undertanding of Linux, so I only post the client tutorial below:

https://shadowsocks.com.hk/client.html

There are many platforms implementations of shadownsocks clients. The configuraion is simple, if you already have a workable account.

## 2.3 The usage of Linux desktop ##

If one wants to control Linux desktop, knowing some usual terminal commands is indispensable. In my opinion, the best study resource is [鸟哥的 Linux 私房菜](http://cn.linux.vbird.org/). The content of it is very handy and easy to understand. However, reading man pages is the senior users' tough road.

## 2.4 Programming ##

This is the most important skill to be a modern mohism staff, but there's no need much under this section. Because we already have the better tutorial for newbies:

[How To Become A Hacker](http://catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html#basic_skills)

It's a really wonderfull literature in educating new programmers, it's written by Eric Steven Raymond who is a very famous hacker in Free Software world.

# 3. Physical issues #

## 3.1 20 minutes sports per day ##

## 3.2 Physical tests ##